bomb's Health Ministry spokesman is
speaking let's listen in live the
Israeli occupation forces
continue the
Israelis continue to Target the medical
sector beyond all description in a
brutal ruthless manner as a result
281 members of the medical crew were
killed hundreds others were killed in
addition to that the Israeli occupation
forces destroyed 56 ambulance
vehicles and killing all the crews
inside together with the patients and
victims in addition to that the Israeli
occupation forces destroyed 56 medical
facility as a result 20 hospitals are
totally out of operation and 46
primitive care are out of
service the Israeli occupation forces
yesterday detailed
four
members
paramedics although they are carrying
official
permission they were detained and we do
not know their
whereabouts through the past period the
medical teams have been working
relentlessly however the Israeli
occupation forces detained those four
paramedics
including the head of the ambulance
sector in the south of Gaza Strip
an paramedic Muhammad
AB andd abuali those four
medical crew members were
detained in addition to that the total
number of
paramedics held by the ases by the
Israeli occupation forces are 34
including
the head of the Ala Hospital Dr Muhammad
Abu who are all interrogated and
tortured speaking of the health
conditions across Gaza Strip the Israeli
occupation forces is still in total
control of the quantity and quality of
the medical supplies and other relief
AIDS entering Gaza as a result the
entire Health sector stands unable to
provide the necessary medical treatment
to all the victims as a result of the
lack of medical Crews clinical beds and
above all medical appliances and
supplies as we speak we are attending
hundreds of victims on the floor without
anesthetic and with very mediocre
means the hospitals all across Gaza
Strip are more than
helpless as a result of the total
absence of medical resources and human
cater the Medical
Teams the injured are bleeding to death
as a result of total absence of medical
attention in addition to that the
Israeli occupation forces purposefully
and wellfully targets the remaining
medical facilities in the north of Gaza
trip in order to bring him to their
knees and force the residents in the
north to move to the South and here we
reiterate that the remaining hospitals
in Gaza Strip are overwhelmed as a
result of the huge numbers of victims in
addition to that they are lacking the
most basic medical
equipment and supplies we reiterate that
the mechanism
whereby victims are transported outside
Gaza remains inferior as a result
hundreds of them are losing their
lives the lists of patients and victims
who were supposed to be transported
outside Gaza
Strip these lists remain going to and
fro
at the end of the day the number of
victims allowed to leave have already
died as a result succumbing to their
wounds in addition to that very few
number managed to leave Gaza STP for
medical treatment
abroad the total number of patients and
and victims who were allowed to leave
from November 1st stand at
43 patients and victims since the
beginning of the Israeli blance on Gaza
we are faced with a genuine
problem as all the displaced
Palestinians inside the refugee camps
and un run
hospitals uh they are left
with the absence of the basic
necessities to living in addition to the
total absence of healthy conditions
fresh water and proper
hygiene as a result many
communicable infectious
disease are
spreading we appeal to the consciences
of the free men all across the world to
do to do all what is needed to put an
end to this genocide war on Gaza and the
gazans and we call on all the parties to
work towards providing a humanitarian
Corridor whereby medical supplies
makeshift
hospitals
Fuel and volunteer Medical Teams from
outside are allowed in and victims
transported outside we call on the UN
and the world health organizations to
work genuinely to pressure the Israeli
occupation forces to release all the
medical team members already
detained we are seing an effective
Global
mechanism
whereby the more than 1.5 million gazin
displaced gazin are faced with total
Annihilation we seek proper mechanism to
their rescue and to their help thank you
you've just been listening to Ashraf Al
kudra who's the spokesperson for gaza's
health Ministry and he was giving uh the
daily updates that the health Ministry
tries to give journalists he was saying
that
15523 Palestinians have now been killed
since October the 7th 41,000 have been
injured he was also describing the s
state of the hospitals and sorry doesn't
even do justice to what he was
describing um 56 ambulances destroyed
paramedics with official permits
arrested by the Israeli forces uh those
were all part of his Daily Brief um also
explaining that only 412 injured uh 412
patients in the in gaza's hospitals have
managed to get out and to seek treatment
outside of Gaza and he was saying many
more have died uh because they were not
able uh to be taken out of Gaza so
that's the uh that's the statement as we
have it
um